Good evening
It's sports First of all from football j 2
Tofu and Kumamoto greeted gas pack volume at home opener in the city
It is finally the home opener The supporters wishing to win at home gather one after another
is
Oh, I 've been waiting for a while now, about 3 months
f I 'm looking forward to this time I had drawn 1 point but today
3 points
I would definitely like to get a pick and feel
I want to see where I'm mature
I support Ono
A home opener filled with about 5000 people in the rain
The match is the 18th place The Spa Kusatsu Gunma last season
I was knocked out in the first half
I do not do lever work
But from here the attacking team will make a chance
The site that took the ball from the front line
Before this, I'm a burger
It was still a 19-year-old child that picked up a spilled ball
It will be an island but it will act as a kicker
I decided-
Ah ah ah
After 5 minutes
It is an island again from Saito
And super
Active play aimed by the team results
Haan
In the second half, we will stop attacking opponents mainly by foreign players.
And 20 minutes
I will give a free kick in that play
Melo and has been Trevi Lou
I can catch up with the tie
Where I dropped it detailed week
I will continue to attack after this, but 2
Not included
Home opener a wanted decoration in victory RoAso
The first win of the season is carry over to the next snow
But I wanted to bring competition 3 hotels even if you can not it kinda become active Date
That was a shame then start that immediately toward is the wish was gone
I'm thinking that I want to protect it so that I can grow that strange step by step as I sink
I will
Somehow scored twice Shibata players
I just made the fellows
Well though, I was calm and the team's morale will rise with the young players' active cars
right
I'm brain function was Hata site Nii but it is the crowning in the morning that were caught up like a Te elephant
There is a substitute of Nikko that player, and after seeing the bench and the Dady line last night out there from here
I felt that I wanted to fight until the end without giving up with the whole team
Good
Then it looks like order
Tomorrow will be 20 points in 15 points with seven points in two consecutive games
Now what could win it How yesterday's game
This time, I heard a story on the articulation HashiAkira's former Japanese representative was stopped and commentary epia's
ani
First of all I would like to ask about the scene that became the point of today's game and write in advance
We will do it at the same time
A step of hope to you i House
Mr. Narahashi wrote a counter
It says that there is a need to increase the pattern of attack
And it is this play of 30 minutes after the first half to mention
Quickly pass your ball to the left side
Even before Katayama player of defense who came up freezes, player association is time
The hall did not become, but if play that uses this side leads to shaking the opponent
Says
Shut up from the side
There are also places where I could not make a form of attack
Well put the path of the wedge in the middle and it 's easy to squeeze something while the end is straight
Was saying Ma Sukau Mashiko Do you think we can or rather enemies shake the opponent
Speedy counter t mountain is rising
Such an attack will be connected this season because it will lead to a powerful
We were allowed to the starting point of represents hopefully that Do not want technology
And Shimada Shintaro players Ikiya's is listed as a point
I scored points to actively grab the ball from the front line
I will put more orders if I want you to become a disgusting player for the other party
Yappa and obsession us to the ball I think often became the Do
Consciousness of principle
Their meeting from there going to steal your opponent's ball
If it is the counter, I will bring some such partial thrust
I think I'm full of good players I can fight the cat
After all , it is a path that always becomes aware of the ball by becoming such a figure and player like that
Anyway
It has become Yappa great player that aims to driven color after the ball as the main
I Khaimah Itia's also Thank the ends to the success of the island of players
4 was against de that's players also me with the accent of the attack was south of I heard
Though it is Taai that good Mr. Mr. Bridge
Kawachi because it was representative of Japan in France World Cup
I'm acquainted with you after this, and I 'm looking for the image of Director Ono, who was effective.
Even telling me to Fu Tteyuu so with calm
If it is as there is also a big story that I was surprised to see the hot wo sense of the way toward the shy
Yes, I have issued a crying Passo this not
Yes, but I will play Ehime fc away on 22 Saturday this month